[theme music]
-[Song-hwa sighs]
-[switch clicks]
Hey, you can get the lights
back up, right?
[thunder rumbles]
Seok-hyeong, it's dark
and I could spill my coffee.
[Seok-hyeong] Sorry.
[thunder cracks]
[switch clicks]
[flustered exhale]
[gasps]
[Song-hwa] How long has
this place been empty? Ugh, so dusty.
[blows air]
-Maybe three or four years?
-[Song-hwa] Ugh.
[Song-hwa coughs]
-[electricity buzzing]
-[Song-hwa sighs]
[Song-hwa] Feels like I'm at a club.
That light's going to burn out soon.
-[light splutters]
-[Song-hwa] Gosh.
[line ringing]
Hey, Mom, the power went out again.
Can you get someone to fix it?
Ah.
Have them come right away.
Thank you so much, Mom.
Hey, you should've asked if
it was all right for you to drink coffee.
She lets me have one cup a day.
[sighs]
[Song-hwa] Looks like
you haven't thrown those out.
[Seok-hyeong] Why would I do that?
By the way,
you're really not going to do it?
[scoffs]
Gosh, no. Of course not.
Then why are you here?
To see you. I was worried about you.
-You might as well do it.
-[clicks tongue]
Ik-jun is all you need.
You don't need me for it.
He already said no.
Seriously? He said no?
I wouldn't do it either.
And besides, I don't have the time.
My guys need help with their thesis.
-I need your help, too.
-Come on, don't make me say no twice.
By the way, did you go see Ji-eun today?
[Seok-hyeong] Mm.
Did you buy her anything nice?
-[clicks tongue]
-I bought her some food
and I gave her a Bluetooth speaker
so she'll be able to listen to some music.
Wow, if only you were half as nice as that
to your friends.
-[door slams]
-[technician] Did the lights go out again?
[Seok-hyeong] Yes. This one was flickering
for a bit then it burned out.
Yeah, it looks like
you should probably redo all the wiring.
We'll do what we can to get it working,
but call a bigger company
-if it happens again.
-[Seok-hyeong] Okay.
You could've worked on my room tomorrow.
I'm sorry you had to stay late.
-[technician] I appreciate it.
-[exhales deeply]
-[Seok-hyeong] Oh.
-[technician] Thanks.
Mister, please be careful.
[Song-hwa] Sir, you should shut off
the breaker before you do that.
You're not even wearing gloves.
You could get electrocuted.
-[electricity buzzes]
-[thunder rumbles]
[groans]
[gasps]
Call an ambulance.
-[Song-hwa gasping]
-[groaning]
[Song-hwa] Are you all right?
Are you feeling any pain?
[line ringing]
Hello? My address is 33-1 Jogang-dong.
A man collapsed due to electric shock.
Get here quickly, please.
As soon as you can.
[Song-hwa] Talk to me.
Are you having trouble breathing?
Uh--
[technician] Oh, no, what's happening
to him? Is he all right? What's happening?
[panting]
Oh, my goodness, what's happening to him?
Please save him.
[Song-hwa panting]
[siren wailing in distance]
[technician] We're in here!
Over here!
In here!
[Song-hwa] Hello, sir?
Are you all right?
Mister, do you know
where you are right now?
[breathes heavily]
[exhales deeply]
[paramedic 1] Just leave him there,
please. You guys did good.
[thunder rumbles]
[phone ringing]
Hey, I'll be back soon.
He had an electric shock seven minutes ago
and got a mild burn on his right hand.
I performed CPR for two minutes.
His heart is pumping again,
but it's not stable yet.
-[paramedic 2] Are you a doctor?
-[Song-hwa] Yes.
[paramedic 2] His vitals appear to be
pretty unstable.
Could you come with us to the hospital?
I got an emergency call, but
another doctor will accompany you there.
-It's him.
-[thunder rumbles]
[breathes heavily]
[technician] Are you all right?
[sighs in relief]
You were extremely lucky, man.
It's a good thing
both of them were doctors.
You can hear me, right?
[machine beeping]
[paramedic 2] Looks like his vitals
are back to normal.
[technician] Okay.
Why is he shivering like this, though?
Is he okay?
[exhales deeply]
Hey man, are you okay?
He's just feeling cold.
[light music]
Driver, could you please turn up the heat?
Could you please tell him?
It's really cold in here.
[knocking]
[bright music]
Seok-hyeong texted you, right?
I already agreed to it.
-My answer is no.
-So, he did text you?
He didn't, but that's what I'll say
when he does.
I mean, aren't we too old for that?
I'd rather spend my time
with my girlfriend,
why would I hang out with you guys?
Hey man, seriously.
Are you gonna propose today?
Why are you all dressed up
just to see your girlfriend?
I made a reservation at a romantic place
in Busan with an ocean view.
Ah, good for you. You're going on a date,
while I have to slave away at work.
By the way, how are you getting there?
We're gonna take her car.
There she is. Pull over.
She looks like she might have had
quite a bit to drink.
She pulled an all-nighter.
I gotta go, I don't wanna be late.
-Hey, I think you should drive.
-Okay, fine. Hey.
What?
Have a good day at work.
You prick.
According to my research,
Daeseong Hospital uses
a non-surgical procedure
to treat intussusception.
Perhaps that would be a better way.
As I've explained to you just now
for Bit-na, it seems quite likely
that necrosis has already set it.
Surgery is our only option, ma'am.
And are you absolutely sure?
Is surgery really necessary?
Yes, ma'am, the surgery
is absolutely necessary.
[sighs]
Well, you see, I read on the internet
that this surgery stops kids
from getting taller.
[chuckles]
Please don't believe things like that.
Just head on to the reception
and have them book the surgery.
[sighs]
All right, then.
I'll put my trust in you
and leave Bit-na--
[recording playing]
According to my research…
What's wrong with this thing?
…Daeseong Hospital uses
a non-surgical procedure to treat…
Do we have a room for Bit-na? Please call
the ward again to make sure we do.
[nurse 1] Yes, Doctor.
Please take good care of Bit-na.
-[Jeong-won] You're welcome.
-Thank you very much.
[sobs, whimpers]
[nurse 1] Hi Dong-min, could we pull up
your shirt for just a bit?
[Dong-min whines]
[nurse 1] Please, Dong-min,
it won't take too long.
[Dong-min's mom] Dong-min.
My goodness, Teddy Bear.
You're here because of a stomachache?
Let me have a look.
[in deep voice]
Oh yes, Doctor. My stomach hurts so much.
[Jeong-won] Let's see.
[exaggerated gasp]
Wow, this really took all the pain away
and you feel better now, don't you, Teddy?
[in deep voice]
Yes, I'm totally fine now.
All right then, Teddy.
How about we check your mom's stomach now?
[gasps]
Doctor, I feel much better already.
I'm totally fine now.
All right then. Is there anyone here
who would like to go next?
[Jeong-won gasps]
-Dong-min, you want to try it?
-[nurse 1] You want to go next?
That's a good boy.
You're such a good boy. Such a good boy.
[elevator dings]
[chuckles]
I don't think this is Busan.
I'm willing to bet
that I got here before you did.
[chuckles]
You wanna order some dinner with me?
Sure, I just need to check
on a patient first.
[automated female voice]
Doors are closing.
Go easy on them this time.
Who's in charge of Room 513?
Then who worked last night? Was it you?
Who prescribed the fever reducer
to the patient in 513?
-It must've been you.
-No, it wasn't me.
So was it you?
No, it wasn't, sir. I mean,
I don't even know what she looks like.
Really? You've never seen her?
So you prescribed it without seeing her
because you wanted to sleep.
How dare you prescribe without seeing her?
Are you that confident as a doctor?
Is this all too much for you?
Just tell me. Don't waste my time.
[screams]
Huh?
[phone ringing]
-I'm sorry, Doctor.
Hey.
So suddenly?
Okay, I'll be right there.
[both sighing in relief]
-[Jun-wan] Come on! Let's go.
-[both gasp]
Dr. Kim, the patient was on an ECMO,
but then she developed pulmonary edema,
so we intubated her.
We looked at the echo
but her heart was barely beating.
Eun-a was all right yesterday, wasn't she?
We were going to remove the ECMO
and have her moved.
-The family, do they know?
-Yes.
[machine beeping]
Could we have a minute of your time?
Eun-a has developed pulmonary edema.
Her heart is not functioning well.
The ECMO isn't enough anymore.
An artificial heart would be better
at reducing the pressure
on her left ventricle.
She'll be needing surgery
today or tomorrow.
Oh, my goodness.
Doctor, we can't afford the surgery.
We just don't have the money.
It's going to cost a fortune.
-[Jun-wan sighs]
-What do I do?
Um… Doctor, please,
all I need is one week.
Just one.
I need it to come up with the money.
[sobs]
Please, my poor daughter Eun-a…
Please do what you can
to save her, Doctor.
We really can't wait, though.
She needs the surgery immediately.
If we wait, she might not make it.
Then what do I do?
[Eun-a's mom sobbing]
No need to worry.
We have programs to support our patients
so Eun-a can surely get the surgery.
And we can do it right away.
Would you look into it, please?
Hurry up, go call them!
Yes, of course, Doctor.
CARDIOTHORACIC SURGERY CHAT ROOM
5-YEAR-OLD GIRL, DCMP
WHERE SHOULD I CALL?
[breathes heavily]
[comical music]
So if I have to handle the surgery
and take care of this,
why are you even here?
[line ringing]
Good afternoon,
this is Dr. Kim Jun-wan speaking.
Can we get some help
from the Daddy-Long-Legs Program?
Just a second, please.
[Seok-hyeong gasping]
SOCIAL SERVICES OFFICE
[light music]
Good afternoon. I'm Lee Seok-hyeong,
a resident at this hospital.
Could you help one of our patients
with her surgery costs?
As soon as possible.
She needs the surgery right away.
Can the Daddy-Long-Legs Program
help the family finance it?
She's five years old.
To implant a ventricular assist device.
[Jeong-won] So what did you order?
Did you order tteokbokki again?
Yes, how soon can we find out?
[whispers]
Go ahead and eat.
[sighs]
Hey, why couldn't
you have ordered burgers?
I asked them not to make it too spicy,
all right? Just eat.
So you haven't texted them yet?
[Jeong-mi] We had to do some final checks.
We'll text them now.
If everything checks out on our end,
then you'll be able to get the money
in a couple of days.
All right. Please let me know as soon as
you hear from them. Thanks a lot.
Not spicy, right?
This isn't spicy to you?
You should get your tongue checked.
Nah, too expensive.
[siren wailing in distance]
I'm probably gonna get a call soon.
-[phone ringing]
-See? Tteokbokki was a good call.
[Jeong-won] Just answer your phone, prick.
[sighs]
Nothing has been going right for me today.
[exhales deeply]
Mm, I'm still at the hospital.
Just about to leave.
Yeah, where are you?
Aah.
Why not? I haven't eaten, mm.
-Where are you?
-[Song-hwa] Where do you think I am?
What are you doing this weekend?
[Song-hwa] I've got a date.
Professor Jang is free this time.
[sighs]
You've got a date, he's got a date.
[Song-hwa] Is Jun-wan
still seeing that girl?
This one's lasting a while, huh?
So why'd you call?
I bet it's about Seok-hyeong.
I already told him no.
Nah, I think we can just ignore that guy.
I kind of have a favor to ask of you.
-[Song-hwa] Everything all right?
-Yeah, everything's fine.
There's just something
I've been working on.
You know what? Let's talk in person.
You should get home.
-I'm going home early for a change today.
-[panting]
-What is it?
-Min-yeong's vitals aren't looking good.
I gotta go.
-[Jeong-won] What's wrong with her vitals?
-[resident 1] Her BP keeps dropping.
It's not getting better
even after a full bag of saline.
[Jeong-won] Norepinephrine?
[resident 1] We tried that,
but her vitals are still unstable.
I don't think he's going to be going
home tonight.
YULJE'S CHAIRMAN AHN BYEONG-U
UNCONSCIOUS DUE TO BRAIN HEMORRHAGE
CHAIRMAN AHN HAS FALLEN INTO A COMA
[mouse clicking]
WILL HIS THIRD SON TAKE OVER
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER?
ALL EYES ARE ON WHO WILL BE
THE NEXT LEADER OF YULJE FOUNDATION
[phone ringing]
Yes, Chief, how are you?
I've read the article.
[chief] I have to stay
with the chairman all night.
So I need you to take care
of the craniectomy
for the subdural hematoma patient,
as well as the VP shunt surgery tomorrow.
Understood, sir.
Are you… are you all right?
[chief] Not really. We're all prepared
for the worst. It's difficult.
[sighs]
VIP WARD
-How are you, ma'am?
-Obviously, not well.
My apologies, ma'am.
There's no need to apologize.
It is what it is.
This is the hospital director.
And this is the head of the Brain Center.
This isn't important right now.
I'm sorry.
It's nice to meet the two of you.
Is he going to make it?
-Frankly, it's not going to be easy.
-[door lock beeps]
But we'll do our very best.
Mr. Pyeon, you're here.
How on earth could this have happened?
[sighs]
Madam, if I could just have
a minute of your time.
Mr. Ju, why don't we have some coffee
in my office?
Don't worry about things here.
DIRECTOR JU JEON
Here, have some coffee.
-Oh, I was going to make it.
-Too late for that now, isn't it?
Mr. Ju, would you like to come join us?
[somber music]
Nice view from up here.
Are you really enjoying
the view right now?
That little punk who's still wet
behind the ears is about to take over.
He's 40. He's not that young.
You think the hospital…
is going to end up in the hands
of the chairman's youngest son?
I bet he hasn't even written his will yet.
Even if he has written one by now,
the board still gets to decide
who takes over.
[chief] But they may vote
to appoint Mr. Ju to the position, right?
Hmm.
In my opinion, you should really call
all the board members, madam.
Even better
if Andrea could call them for you.
[Rosa sighs]
I'm sure that things will go smoothly,
but just in case.
I mean, look, you never know.
What I'd suggest is that you call
Chairman Hwang first thing in the morning.
It's because of Mr. Ju, isn't it?
[Jeon] All of the board members
are Chairman Ahn's people.
Most of the board tends to follow
Chairman Hwang's lead
because they've been friends for 30 years.
Chairman Ahn's wife just needs
to make one call to him.
Then it's game over for us.
Chairman Ahn, ah,
he really is a great man.
But it looks like he's a hell
of a greedy man too, after all.
You can't really call him greedy for this.
He did donate
most of his assets to charity.
[inhales sharply]
Why did you choose
to run the foundation anyway?
For all the other subsidiaries,
they hired management specialists.
Jeez, and I thought I'd be riding on
my cousin's coattails for the first time.
[clicks tongue]
We don't know anything yet.
[dramatic music]
I should really do the best I can.
I called them hours ago.
Why are none of them here yet?
-[Rosa] I must've raised them all wrong.
-[knocking on door]
There he is.
Did Mr. Ju take off already?
He probably went to see his wife.
This year has been
a roller coaster for him.
It's been tough.
[groans]
By the way, I wanted to ask you.
Why would the chairman pass
the hospital to his youngest son?
I've heard that he has three.
Do you think the older ones
got into trouble or something?
Is next week your last week here?
-Yes.
-Heading home?
You've really been living
under a rock, huh?
Even kids know the answer to that.
His eldest son
is far too busy with his current job.
[knocking on door]
Hello.
[quirky music]
You're here.
Hi.
Mother, are you all right?
What about his second son?
Yes, he assists someone
who is very high up.
[quirky music]
He has a daughter, doesn't he?
She's just like the other two.
-[knocking on door]
-Hm?
[church choir music]
Nice to see you.
Dad…
Don't tell me his other daughter, too?
[guitar music]
[sobs]
[sighs]
Is my youngest going to be here or not?
At this rate, he'll get here
after the funeral.
Mom, last I heard,
Andrea was already in the elevator.
Finally. Your brothers and sisters
are all here.
[exhales deeply]
[sobs]
[sentimental music]
[Rosa] I'm sorry, I just need some.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-You told him, didn't you?
-Yes.
It would be a good idea to call him now.
I know it's late, but he'll answer
because he's a businessman.
I told him to call him right away.
He's the only one
that actually listens to my advice.
He's the most reasonable of them all.
[automated female voice] The number
you've dialed is busy at the moment.
He's been on the phone
for so long already.
You probably haven't slept.
You should get some rest.
[lighter clicks]
[Andrea exhales]
I didn't know you smoked.
When did you start?
Jeez, you're a doctor.
You shouldn't do that.
[scoffs]
[quietly]
Goodness.
Hey. Hey, Mom, he started smoking.
I taught him to smoke 20 years ago.
Oh.
Have you talked to him?
[car engine rumbling]
[somber music]
[sniffs]
[parking alarm chimes]
[light music]
[tires screech]
-Have a good day.
-Thanks, you too.
[light music continues]
Yes, we'll get the results tomorrow.
Oh, good morning.
Yes, that's true.
I'll give another opinion…
-[elevator dings]
-[automated female vioce] Ground floor.
[doctor] Oh, good morning.
[woman on PA]
Slip and fall injuries refer to
any injuries sustained by trips or falls,
which happen to be the most common
accidents occurring in hospitals.
[indistinct chatter]
Please make sure you're accompanied
by your guardian
or call your nurse for help.
Yulje Medical Center
will always do its best
to ensure all patients' fast recovery.
Thank you.
PROFESSOR OF NEUROSURGERY
CHAE SONG-HWA
All right. Eee.
Can you do that with your mouth?
Eee.
How does this feel? Do you feel any pain?
Both your left and right sides.
-Both sides feel normal.
-I see.
I was worried you could be
going through facial palsy,
-but it looks good.
-Ah.
Uh… As for medication,
I'm going to keep you on the same routine.
And you can come back in three months.
-Thank you for making the trip out here.
-Thank you very much.
Well, I have something for you.
It's just a little gift.
It's a great book,
so I got a copy for you.
Mmm!
This book is amazing, I already have it.
You've read it too, right?
Uh, yes. Yeah, I've read it too.
-Ah.
-It's my favorite.
Uh, I… I see, you've already read it.
My husband told me to give it to you.
All right, then.
I'll see you in three months, ma'am.
[patient 1] Okay.
-Hello, Doctor.
-Hi, please have a seat.
Oh, mom, take this seat here.
I've gone over your test results.
A lump was seen on your CT scan,
so you had an MRI done.
Unfortunately,
it looks like it might be cancerous,
so we're going to have
to conduct a biopsy.
To be honest, you're not young,
and the location
of the tumor is far from ideal,
so it'll be quite difficult
to remove it surgically.
You must have experienced
some headaches that were quite severe.
Am I right? How did you endure the pain?
Ca-- Can the tumor be surgically removed?
I'm sorry, but no. She'll be needing
chemotherapy or radiation therapy.
Before that, we need a biopsy
to confirm the diagnosis.
I'm suspecting that it could be
a neuroglioma, and if I'm right,
and the tumor is still
in stage one or two,
there's a good chance of survival
even with radiation.
However, if it is in stage three or four,
we'll have to combine chemo
with radiation therapy.
But the remission rate and the chances
of survival will be much lower.
[sobs]
Oh, my goodness.
[woman 1 sniffles]
What do we do?
Mother.
Oh, my goodness, my poor mother.
It's all right, dear.
Enough. I've lived long enough,
so it's all right.
I don't want to hear you say that.
[cries]
Oh no, ma'am. I assure you we have
the ability to treat these things.
Oh.
First, let's get her admitted
so we can do the biopsy.
I'll explain the plan in further detail
when we have more data from the results.
You need to stay strong for your mother.
I'm sorry, Doctor.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you, Doctor.
Thank you very much.
[woman 1 sniffling]
Wow, that felt horrible.
[Song-hwa sighs]
Hey, that patient's daughter.
Doesn't she look familiar somehow?
I feel like I've seen her somewhere.
KANGWOON UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER
PEDIATRIC ICU
[machine beeping]
[Min-yeong's mom] My goodness,
another skin tear?
[Min-yeong's mom gasps]
Doctor, the last one
took such a long time to heal.
My goodness.
Min-yeong, I know that it hurts.
-I'll get mad at him for you.
-Her skin is delicate,
and she had it on for far too long.
My daughter can feel pain too, you know.
Right, I'll be more careful from now on.
[clears throat]
When is the professor getting here?
What he prescribed yesterday
is completely different
from what she was prescribed last month.
She takes Vitamin K
and trace elements every Thursday.
Why doesn't she take that anymore?
[Min-yeong's mom exhales deeply]
And about all these blood tests,
you used to draw so little,
and now you need a whole vial?
-Can't you see she's tired?
-As I've explained to you before, ma'am…
-Min-yeong she's… she's no longer…
-[Jeong-won] Min-yeong.
[blows air]
Hi, Min-yeong.
[Min-yeong's mom] Doctor,
why did you change her prescription?
And last month, she was
on TPN drip for 16 hours a day.
Why have you cut that time down?
Look at her, don't you think she looks
like she's having trouble breathing?
And she keeps grimacing, too.
Something must be causing her pain.
[Jeong-won sighs]
Ma'am, I'm sorry to say this,
but Min-yeong is running out of strength.
I'm sure Dr. Jo has already told you this,
but we should start mentally preparing--
What is the problem?
I've done everything you said.
She was doing fine yesterday.
[inhales deeply]
Were her vitals good yesterday?
-They were about the same as today.
-You doctors are barely even here.
I know much better than you.
I'm her mother.
In that case, I'll have Dr. Jo
monitor her all day today.
Call me right away if anything changes.
Okay.
[clears throat]
Min-yeong.
I'm really sorry about all this.
I'm so sorry, Min-yeong.
[sobs]
I'm so sorry that you're in so much pain.
-I'm really sorry, Min-yeong.
-[inhales deeply]
[Min-yeong's mom]
Oh, my sweet daughter, I'm so sorry.
AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY
[resident 2] Is her BP low?
How much norepinephrine did you use?
-[nurse 2] We're scaling it up.
-[resident 2] I'll handle it!
[resident 2 panting]
-[machines beeping]
-[panting]
[light music]
[machines beeping]
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
[machine beeping]
[woman 1] My son has been waiting
for a liver transplant.
Ah, so that's why
you looked so familiar to me.
He was in and out of the hospital
all the time for around six months.
He practically lived here.
And then three days ago,
his condition just got worse
out of nowhere.
My son…
I guess I should just let him go, now.
No, don't say that.
I assure you, he can get better.
[sobs]
I was so concerned with my son being sick,
I had no idea my mother was sick, too.
This is all my fault.
What kind of mother would think
of anything else
while she knows that her son is suffering?
None of this is your fault, ma'am.
[phone dings]
DID YOU MAKE DINNER FOR MY MOM?
COME HOME NOW!
[sighs deeply]
Doctor.
I'm pretty sure that I have
the worst luck of anyone in the world.
For 40 years, I put up with my in-laws,
and my husband, he…
poured every last penny we had
into his stupid business.
And my one and only son…
He really has a heart of gold,
so he's the one that got me
through everything.
I must be cursed or something.
That's why both my mom
and my son ended up the way they are now.
I'm telling you.
I have the worst luck of anyone on earth.
Seriously,
I don't even want to live anymore.
Not even a little bit. I…
[sobs]
I just want it all to end.
[whimpers]
[exhales deeply]
[cries]
[elevator dings]
[automated female voice]
Doors are opening.
Take the next one.
[both] Oh, okay.
[button beeps]
[automated female voice]
Doors are closing.
[quirky music]
ICED AMERICANO FOR ME
[indistinct chatter]
You know, I performed
your mom's brain surgery.
Shouldn't you be buying me coffee,
not the other way around?
Well, when your dad came
to the ER one night with a broken leg,
I rushed over even though
I was off that night.
And come on, it's just an iced Americano.
That's as good as it gets for you.
Anything better and you're going
to have to start paying me back.
You have such a way with words.
I guess the ER isn't busy today.
You had time to go buy some snacks.
Hey, don't jinx it.
Don't you ever say stuff like that.
[news reporter] Near Bupyeong IC
on the Gyeongin Expressway,
there's been a collision involving
four vehicles, including a one-ton truck.
Six people,
including the 52-year-old truck driver,
were critically injured in the accident.
-They're being transferred…
-They're gonna be here soon. I gotta go.
[news reporter] Two of the victims
suffered fatal injuries.
Access to the Gyeongin Expressway
is now being partially restricted.
119 RESCUE SERVICES
[sirens wailing]
We found him barely conscious.
Last I checked, BP was 60 over 30.
And his oxygen level was low, too.
This one is losing a lot of blood.
[groans in pain]
Get him ready for an IV
and give him a saline drip.
[nurse 3] Got it.
[woman 1] Doctor, doctor.
It's about my son.
Listen, he can finally get
the transplant he needs.
Am I dreaming? I can't believe it.
I was losing hope
because he was supposedly third in line.
Oh, my goodness.
Is this really happening to me?
I heard the patients before me
couldn't get the surgery anymore.
Oh, thank heavens.
That's such great news.
I'm really happy for you, ma'am.
But I have to say, I feel so bad
for the ones who passed away.
I'm not sure if it's okay for me
to feel this happy.
I guess we're all a little selfish
sometimes, aren't we, Doctor?
So who'll be performing
your son's heart transplant surgery?
I know it's someone on TV.
Uh… G-- Good Doctors?
I think that was the show?
-Is it Dr. Kwon Sun-jeong?
-Yes, yes, that's his name.
He and I are quite close.
Your son is in good hands.
Oh, but I… I think he may be
out of town at the moment.
Oh, he's already heard the news.
He'll be here as soon as
he finishes a surgery in Milyang.
And he told me that he would operate on
my son as soon as he gets back into town.
[woman 1] Oh, the poor man.
That must be exhausting.
Ah, is that how it is?
Excuse me, Doctor,
could you please help us out?
This kid put super glue
on the inside of a helmet
and his dad put it on
because he didn't know.
Now it's really stuck on his head
and he can't get it off.
You need to take him in. Would you please
take a look at him right away? Will you?
I-- I'm sorry, but I'm dealing with
a huge emergency right now.
-I'm really sorry.
-This is a huge emergency too, you know!
He looks really stupid and he's super
embarrassed about his situation.
-[paramedic 3] Excuse me, coming through!
-[patient groans]
Uh, you know what? I think we should try
going to a different hospital.
Hey, where are you going?
They haven't called your name yet.
U-ju, stop your father.
Daddy's really mad, he said he's going
to use the Force on them!
[upbeat intense music]
[panting]
Professor Kwon, you okay?
What exactly happened to you?
I didn't dislocate my shoulder,
so don't worry too much.
I can't really move my fingers,
so it's likely a radius fracture.
Get an X-ray done and call Orthopedics.
-Where's Dr. Chae?
-I'm right here.
-Good to see you.
-[Song-hwa sighs]
This looks pretty bad.
Professor Kwon, what about the surgery?
How do you know about that?
You should call for
another surgeon right away.
The patient needs immediate surgery.
If there was anyone else who could do it,
I wouldn't have come all this way.
There's no one else.
Send the patient to another hospital.
If we say that we can't do the surgery,
all they're going to do is take the liver.
This is his last chance.
He's going to need along midline incision.
It won't be easy.
Oh, gosh. This is nuts.
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
[woman 1 sobs]
INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
[monitor beeping]
[breathes heavily]
[sighs]
[exhales deeply]
We can do this.
What do you mean?
We have him.
Me? No!
Although I am double board-certified,
but I haven't done surgery in five years.
What, you think
transplant surgery is easy?
I didn't mean you.
-Oh.
-[bell dings]
Ah. Crap.
Uh, this is… Right, U-ju, go say hello.
These are Daddy's friends. Good boy.
[sighs]
[comical music]
[Ik-jun] Hold on a minute.
What if the director finds out?
Is this really okay?
Dr. Chae said she sorted it all out.
[Ik-jun] But we need to get
his mother's consent.
We have to explain it all to her,
don't we?
Dr. Chae knows her pretty well,
so she got her to sign off on it
in five minutes.
[Ik-jun] Still, wouldn't this upset
his doctor?
I mean, if I were in his shoes,
I think I would be pretty upset about it.
Dr. Chae already talked to him
and he's on board with this.
[Ik-jun sighs deeply]
[Ik-jun] Oh, what the hell.
She can do all this
but can't get this thing off my head?
Thank you all for being here.
Well, let's get started.
[upbeat music]
SURGERY IN PROGRESS
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
SURGERY STATUS INFORMATION
FAMILY WAITING ROOM
[clock ticking]
[clock ticking continues]
SURGERY STATUS INFORMATION
SURGERY IN PROGRESS
[phone ringing]
[gasps]
Hello? Yes, sir. What is it?
[chief] Dr. Chae,
you're still at the hospital, right?
Yes.
[chief] He didn't make it.
Kim Dong-hyeok's surgery didn't go well?
[chief] What are you talking about?
The chairman already passed away.
Oh.
[chief] His funeral is in Room 201.
Head over there now.
I just went home to get changed.
I'll be there shortly.
Sure, I'll head on over.
[sighs deeply]
[clock ticking]
[phone beeps]
CHAIRMAN AHN BYEONG-U
HAS PASSED AWAY AT THE AGE OF 78.
This was really unfortunate.
-Hello.
-[guest] It's quite unexpected too.
[somber music]
[Mr. Hwang sighs deeply]
I am truly, sincerely sorry
for your loss, ma'am.
You know how fond he was of you,
don't you?
Yes, of course I do.
And that's why…
[voice breaking]
I am completely…
heartbroken about this situation.
[sniffs]
[sobs]
I guess we're never too old for tears.
[sighs]
It seems we've been meeting a lot lately.
I knew it.
[quirky music]
[man 1] I'm so sorry for your loss.
You're his best friend, aren't you?
I thought you knew his family well.
Mm.
-So you knew who he was.
-[Seok-hyeong] Mm.
-Why didn't you tell us?
-You never asked.
You knew Jeong-won's family was loaded.
Yeah, but I never would've guessed
they were this loaded.
I actually thought he was broke.
That guy has been mooching off me
for years.
Seriously. Rich people are stingy.
He kept it for 20 years.
So what if we knew?
Would we ask for jobs or money?
[Seok-hyeong and Song-hwa] It's possible.
So that's why he never told us.
Why isn't Ik-jun here?
He's still in surgery.
He's probably finishing up now.
It's difficult, so it takes time.
What do you mean?
Why is he doing surgery here?
That's just how things went.
We needed someone to do the surgery.
-He knew about this.
-No, there's no way he knew.
Oh, the director's here.
[Jun-wan and Song-hwa] Hello, Director.
Jun-wan, what brings you here?
This is Jun-wan, a former student of mine.
-[director's wife] Ah, I see. Hello.
-Nice to meet you.
So do you know the chairman's son,
Professor Ahn?
Yes, Jeong-won is my closest friend.
[Song-hwa scoffs]
[groans]
[sighs]
-Thank you for being here.
-Don't thank us.
We wouldn't miss
our friend's father's funeral.
The chairman is your father?
Why didn't you tell us?
Did you think we'd ask you for money?
[scoffs]
I just couldn't find the right time
to tell you, I'm sorry.
I swear,
I never meant to hide it from you.
I mean, there's nothing to tell you.
I don't have any money. I swear.
That's even more annoying.
And the hospital.
Are you taking charge of this place?
[sighs]
The hospital?
-[siren wails]
-[all gasp]
I thought I lost my unborn child.
My heart almost stopped.
[Jun-wan] Do you really have to use
that ringtone?
Heart attacks are really serious.
How can you say that so casually?
And you? Do you have any idea
how sad it is to lose an unborn child?
You wanna know what I think.
-You'd make a bad parent.
-Guys, please stop arguing.
My head is going to crack.
Your head is going to crack?
That's fatal, you know.
[scoffs]
[Jeong-won's brother] Jeong-won.
Hey. Uncle is here.
Oh, he's here?
[Jeong-won's brother]
Thank you guys for coming.
I, uh… appreciate you taking care of him.
I was calling you,
why didn't you answer me?
Oh, sorry. I set my phone to vibrate.
-Doctor, here. I have the results.
-[Song-hwa] Okay.
[phone rings]
Thanks.
Hey, Ik-jun.
Oh, that's great. I'll be there soon.
-[Seok-hyeong] Did the surgery go well?
-Yes.
[Jun-wan] Tell him to get over here.
I need to do something first.
I'll be back in a bit.
-[Jun-wan] Okay.
-[Seok-hyeong] Sure.
But you were the one who did the surgery.
I think you should tell her.
[Ik-jun scoffs]
Looking like this? Forget it.
If she sees me,
she'd lose all of her confidence in me.
Gosh.
[clicks tongue]
I thought about asking the resident
to give her the good news.
But I figured hearing it from you
would be better. So you should go.
She's been waiting for hours.
All right then.
[Ik-jun] Thank you.
You're the best, Song-hwa.
[chuckles]
[soft chuckle]
Hello, ma'am.
Oh, my goodness.
The surgery was a complete success.
It was really difficult.
But there's almost no bleeding now,
and the liver he received
seems very healthy.
As of now, he's recovering in the ICU.
Thank you so much.
Oh, thank you so much.
[sobs]
Oh, Doctor. Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
By the way, I also have the result
of your mother's biopsy.
It's only stage one cancer.
With regular radiation treatment,
she should be healthy
for another ten years.
[sobbing loudly]
Oh.
This is great news. Why are you crying?
Oh, gosh.
[laughs]
Oh, gosh. Doctor.
Thank you so, so much.
Thank you for everything.
Oh, Doctor.
You know what? I must be
the luckiest woman in the entire world.
There's no other woman
who's as lucky as I am.
I'm so incredibly lucky and you've made me
the happiest person in the world.
I'm so grateful I was able to meet
a nice doctor like you.
And then my mother's going to be okay.
[sobs]
How can I not call myself lucky?
Goodness.
[wailing]
[woman 1] Oh, Doctor. Thank you.
OUR CONDOLENCES TO YOU
Why on earth would he come here?
He must be out of his mind.
[tense music]
CHAIRMAN AHN BYEONG-U
Hey, Mom.
Should I put our photo in the box?
No, just put it in my bag.
This is a lot of money for a medical bill.
It's a VIP ward.
Your father is a VIP, you know.
Does this include the cost
for the funeral?
No, that's just for the room.
[sighs]
They completely overcharged us.
Over ten million won for less than a week?
Really?
You're being ridiculous. Just stop it.
Compared to other hospitals,
our bill isn't considered much.
The cost isn't important
to these VIP patients.
Even if they have to pay triple
or four times as much.
As long as they can get their health back,
they'd pay ten times over.
Mom, are you sure you can afford this?
Are you kidding?
You might've forgotten,
but I married for convenience.
[scoffs]
It was a loveless marriage,
but I was happy in my own way.
Hey, Mom. TMI.
-Hmm?
-Nevermind, it's nothing.
-[door closes]
-Mr. Ju has arrived.
Oh, okay. I'll be right there.
[door opens, closes]
Argh! Ow, Mom!
Seriously.
My brother has agreed.
And I've persuaded my mother, too.
Ma'am, will you be coming
to the board meeting?
No, I won't.
Jeong-won will be disappointed
to hear that.
[exhales deeply]
I know how hard you've been working
all these years.
I'm really sorry.
[sighs]
I hope I can continue to count on you.
[chuckles]
My goodness.
Your family really doesn't like
to do things the normal way, do they?
[chuckles]
So you're saying this is a done deal?
Mm-hmm. It's over.
[in English]
The end.
[in Korean]
Has Chairman Hwang agreed to that?
Jeong-won went to him
and asked him personally
to choose Mr. Ju over himself.
[sighs]
I told him to call Chairman Hwang
to get him on his side.
I must've raised him wrong.
All this effort to raise my children
for nothing.
I understand.
But tomorrow is the board meeting.
How can I trust you?
[inhales sharply]
I have the agreement letters
Chairman Hwang got
from the board of directors.
And I've included
our resignation letters as well.
Hold on.
I do have one condition.
YULJE FOUNDATION
THE PROFIT FROM THE VIP WARDS
WILL GO TO PARTY A
PARTY A HAS THE RIGHTS
TO USE AND MANAGE THE FUND
If you don't mind me asking,
what exactly will you be doing
with all of this money?
[chuckles]
I'm still just a guy from a rich family.
Everyone puts away some money.
VIP wards are quite fascinating,
aren't they?
We only have four wards.
But to be honest with you,
we don't need any more.
If people could afford them,
no one would want them.
[Jong-su chuckles]
We price them absurdly
in order to attract the absurdly rich.
It's funny.
[chuckles]
We just need to focus
on staffing talented doctors.
Speaking of, finding a good professor
might prove to be difficult.
I've heard it said that our hospital
is in need of more professors.
[inhales sharply]
Don't worry, I'll take care of that.
All that I need from you is to be ready
to pay their salaries.
[comical music]
EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT AS
EXCLUSIVE MEDICAL STAFF FOR VIP WARDS
So, are you in?
This is a long contract. I don't really
understand anything about it.
Well, to sum it up,
if Party A asks us to perform surgery,
we have to do it even on weekends.
And we have to participate
in any surgery that Party A will assign.
-[Jun-wan] And who's Party A?
-Him.
This must come with a good salary.
-You're basically asking us to be slaves.
-Twice your current annual salary.
What?
Next time, write that
on top of the contract in big letters.
He really does come from a rich family.
He's very generous.
I won't resign from my job anyway. I'm in.
Hey, do you have an ink pad?
I should sign it with my thumbprint.
Hey, what about you?
I want more time off.
Wow, you're talking like
you're loaded, too.
It's been two months
since your fellowship ended, you know?
Don't you think you should get a job?
I wanna spend more time with my mom.
Twice your annual pay and a parking spot.
[Song-hwa and Jun-wan] What about us?
-[Jeong-won] Hey, shut up, you guys.
-I don't know.
[sighs]
On top of that, you get a research lab
and your own office.
-[Jun-wan] That's ridiculous!
-[Song-hwa] Hey, what about us?
I don't want any of those things.
There's only one thing I want.
What is it? I'll make it happen.
To be in a band.
Huh?
What the hell is he talking about?
This guy can barely talk to people.
[exhales deeply]
No way. I won't do it.
Huh. I'm in. Cool.
I'm busy. I don't have time for that.
Sorry.
So you'll work here if we form a band?
Mm-hmm. How can you run a VIP ward
without an ob-gyn?
I don't think that's possible at all.
Ugh, I'm getting out of here.
-Sorry, but count me out.
-Hey, where are you going?
[Jun-wan] I'd rather be working.
Can you help me get down?
-I don't have an ID.
-Okay, let's go.
My answer was crystal clear.
I don't have time to be in a band.
Hey, Song-hwa. You…
[sighs]
[door closes]
I just need to convince Song-hwa.
Jun-wan will be harder to convince.
Jun-wan?
I can fix that with a phone call.
So you really won't do it?
[Jun-wan] I said no. I'm way too old
for all this kiddie stuff.
[exhales deeply]
You know, I was going through
some old Cyworld photos
and I found a beautiful photo
in one of the albums.
Ah, it was in Hawaii.
[Jun-wan] Fine, I'll do it, you ass.
-[phone beeps]
-Jun-wan is in.
What?
What? How'd you do that?
What kind of dirt do you have on him?
Ah, now we just need to convince Song-hwa.
But when she says no,
she really means it. What do I do?
Hey, do you have anything
I can blackmail her with?
God, is that how you're going to do it?
Why the hell are you, of all people,
trying to blackmail your friends, huh?
Try some… I don't know.
Positive reinforcement, maybe.
-What exactly does she want?
-I know what she wants.
-What?
-What is it?
-She wants to be the vocalist of the band.
-You're crazy. There's no way.
Vocalist? She really wants to sing
in our band?
She was the first one I asked. She said
she would do it if she could sing.
No way, absolutely not. Song-hwa…
She has zero rhythm and is tone-deaf.
It took her five whole years
to learn how to play bass.
[sighs]
Seok-hyeong, do you want our band
to win a Grammy?
Huh?
You don't want to perform
in stadiums, right?
-Uh-huh.
-Well, then…
We let Song-hwa sing.
Hey!
I don't really care.
I just want to do something fun again
with my closest friends.
I really believe Song-hwa
has a wonderful voice.
God, you're absolutely horrible.
It's truly unique.
Oh, God. You're both going crazy!
Come on, you guys. Don't do this to her.
You have to be honest about it.
If you really cared about her,
you wouldn't let her do this.
Okay, okay. It's all settled, then.
Ik-jun, you're really looking out for her.
Which means you should be okay with this.
We'll start the band
and you're starting work next week.
Nice to meet you, Dr. Yang.
[Seok-hyeong] Oh gosh,
it's nice to finally meet you.
Your patience is legendary.
Buddha, that's what they call you.
I'm a Catholic.
Aah.
[sighs]
[light playful music]
Hey, hurry up.
We could get called any minute.
[slurps]
Ah.
[clears throat]
Ha. Ha.Ha.
[vocalizing]
[clears throat]
[vocalizing continues]
-[burps]
-[exhales deeply]
[breathing heavily]
Wow, that reeks.
You're unbelievable, you know that?
-Which are we going to play?
-Seok-hyeong already picked out a song.
You'll know as soon as you hear it.
Mmm.
[drums playing]
[lively rock music playing]
[Song-hwa singing off-key]
♪ I miss you even more around this time ♪
♪ When I am all alone ♪
♪ I know that you are gone now ♪
♪ But I keep thinking of you ♪
♪ Why did you leave me then? ♪
♪ You told me that
Things were getting tough between us ♪
♪ That could have been
The reason you left me ♪
♪ But I can't know for sure ♪
[in English]
♪ Lonely night ♪
[in Korean]
♪ I remember the night when you left me ♪
[in English]
♪ Lonely night, so lonely night ♪
[in Korean]
♪ You in my memory ♪
[Jeong-won sighs deeply]
[Ik-jun] That was pretty scary.
-[student 1 in English] ♪ Lonely night ♪
-[people cheering]
♪ Lonely night ♪
SEOUL NATIONAL UNIVERSITY
PRE-MED FRESHMEN ORIENTATION
[in Korean]
♪ I remember the night when you left me ♪
[in English]
♪ Lonely night ♪
♪ Lonely night, lonely night ♪
[crowd cheering]
[student 2 in Korean]
Give it up one more time!
Wow.
His singing gave me chills
and his face, even more so.
[all laughing]
All right, then. Who wants to go next?
-Me!
-[student 2] Round of applause!
[all cheering]
[student 3] Here's my impression
of Nam Bo-won
on the Nam Bo-won's Show.
[clears throat]
[in a deep voice] On a quiet night
in a mountain valley
in Gangwon Province in 1950,
the frogs were croaking.
[imitating a frog croaking]
All of the soldiers
in the area were taking a break.
[whispers]
Hey, where are you going?
I'd rather drop out than do that.
-Hey.
-[student 2] Wow.
[student 3] Come here, Corporal.
SEOUL NATIONAL UNIVERSITY
PRE-MED FRESHMEN ORIENTATION
[student 4] Where are you two going?
[Jeong-won] Uh, we…
we have to use the bathroom.
Uh, my friend, he's really drunk.
-[retching]
-Oh God, are you okay?
[comical music]
Ah, damn it.
Are they not heading back in?
They're being so annoying.
It's cold out here. Maybe we should try
hiding in the bathroom?
I don't wanna smell like crap.
Man, is there nowhere else to hide?
Over there.
[panting]
[chain rattling]
[grunts]
Who are these guys?
What do you think?
Just like us,
when things started getting lame,
they lied to the seniors and came to hide.
Are they Japanese or something?
-He's ridiculous.
-No way.
Can we come in?
Wow.
His accent is dope.
Yeah, it's like listening to the radio.
[Jun-wan and Ik-jun imitates Jeong-won]
"Can we come in?"
Come on in.
But hurry it up.
Not a lot of space,
but staying in this place
is better than being out there.
[dog barking in distance]
I'm Ahn Jeong-won. This is
Yang Seok-hyeong. Nice to meet you.
[in Japanese]
My name is Ik-jun.
-[in Korean] You jackass.
-[snorts]
[Jun-wan] This is Lee Ik-Jun.
I'm Kim Jun-wan.
Both of us are from Changwon.
We went to high school together.
What about you guys?
Oh, we went to grade school
and middle school together.
-[body thuds]
-Ow!
-It's not gonna kill you.
-Take it easy.
How long do we need
to stay in here? It's pretty cramped.
At least it's just the four of us.
[door rattles]
[comical music]
I'm Ahn Jeong-won.
This is Yang Seok-hyeong.
Kim Jun-wan, Lee Ik-jun.
My name's Chae Song-hwa.
Are you guys all friends or something?
-No, we are not.
-What, are you crazy?
-We met five minutes ago.
-No way.
No, we are not.
You could've just said no.
What's with you guy?
Hey, it's a pretty fun coincidence
that we all met here.
Do you want to take a photo together?
Wait, are you being serious?
[laughs]
Yes, I'm serious.
[Ik-jun] All right, then.
Oh, we can get this chair
and get the camera on it.
Okay, I'll get it.
It'll blink before taking the photo.
There, it's starting.
[light music]
[camera shutter clicks]
We're playing
"Love Over A Thousand Years" next.
-[laughs]
-You jerk.
-[Song-hwa] Hey!
-[Ik-jun] Yes?
-[Jun-wan] This is Chae Song-hwa speaking.
-[Song-hwa] Jun-wan!
-[Jun-wan] Go on, I got it.
-[Song-hwa] You jerk.
[Song-hwa] Give it back. Open up, hey.
Hey, Seok-hyeong.
Hey, Jeong-won.
Damn it. Come on, give it back!
[siren wails]
There it is.
HELLO, MR. DADDY-LONG-LEGS.
EUN-A WAS DISCHARGED AS HEALTHY GIRL.
[sighs]
THANK YOU FOR THE MESSAGE.
I'LL BE ABLE TO HELP MORE PATIENTS.
[phone rings]
What's up?
[sighs]
You know I don't have any money.
I barely have enough to cover the bills
for a kid with heart disease.
No really, I'm completely broke.
Aren't you a priest?
Why are you always looking for wine?
-Live a life free of temptation!
-[Song-hwa] Come on, Jun-wan.
-Listen, you made a vow of poverty, right?
-[Song-hwa] Open this door!
-Why aren't you living by it?
-[Song-hwa] Come on, seriously?
Whatever. I really don't have any money.
You're a priest, not a sommelier.
[door beeps]
How did you…
[Mr. Hwang] I had heard
about Mr. Ju's wife's condition today.
And knowing that man,
he would do anything for his wife.
I feel sorry for him.
What do you mean?
Jong-su has had it rough since
I put him in charge of the foundation.
I don't know if I can face him.
Jong-su is his first name.
-Oh, I see.
-He and I are old friends.
I told him he shouldn't come to
my husband's funeral
because his wife is sick.
But that man is truly stubborn.
Well, he wouldn't be himself
if he wasn't that way.
Goodness.
You know, he was always quiet
and never showed emotion.
To be completely honest,
since I've known him,
I just could never read that man at all.
So I was cautious
because I could never figure him out.
-But I guess it turns out--
-With him, what you see is what you get.
[laughs]
He's been like that since he was five.
Even on his wedding day.
He's always sulking,
so people get the idea
that he might be hiding something.
-But he doesn't do any of that.
-Right.
That reminds me.
About two days before your husband passed,
Mr. Ju came to see me at home.
I was surprised, as it was pretty late.
I just assumed that he came to ask me
to promise I would vote for him
for the upcoming board meeting.
Actually, I was irritated
when he came to see me.
But since I had been
in a very generous mood that week,
I thought I would humor him
for that night.
And what did he ask for?
[chuckling]
Goodness.
I think I already know.
Yes.
He didn't say anything to me.
[scoffs]
All he did was stare at the flower tree
in my garden for a while.
Then he went ahead and asked me
if he could have it
because his wife is very fond of flowers.
-He never asks for favors.
-[laughs]
He's a piece of work.
Oh, that old fool.
[chuckling]
Goodness.
Gosh. Well, it's already past eight.
You should go and see him soon.
I think that he's probably going
to be waiting for you.
He asked me to cook.
That really wasn't a good idea. It's been
30 years since I last packed a dinner.
-Have a good night.
-You too.
[sighs]
[sentimental music]
[woman on PA] Code Blue, third floor.
CPR needed in the ICU.
Third floor of the main building.
[Jeong-won panting]
-[sobbing]
-[machines beeping]
[panting]
[Min-yeong's mom] Min-yeong,
hang in there.
Please hold on, Min-yeong.
[Jeong-won] How long has it been?
Ten minutes. I can't get her back.
No way. Just do it again.
You brought her back last time,
do it again!
I think you should start preparing for…
Just bring her back one more time, I beg.
Let me do it. I'll keep trying.
[panting]
[Min-yeong's mom] Min-yeong.
Min-yeong. Min-yeong.
[sobs]
Min-yeong, Min-yeong.
Please, don't go. Please.
Don't go, Min-yeong, don't go.
Please don't go. Please!
[panting]
[machines beeping]
[sobs]
Ma'am, I'm sorry,
but I think it's too much for her.
I think it's time to let her go.
[sobs]
[heart monitor flatlines]
[sobbing] Oh, my sweet Min-yeong.
Do you want to let go?
But I don't want you to.
[Min-yeong's mom sniffles]
[Min-yeong's mom]
If you stay a little longer,
would that be painful for you?
I would like to see you a little bit more.
I'm sorry, Min-yeong.
I am so sorry
for making you go through this pain.
Min-yeong.
My daughter. I love you so much.
My daughter.
I love you.
[sobs]
March 26, 2019. 2:29 p.m.
I pronounce Kim Min-yeong dead.
[sobs]
Min-yeong.
[somber music]
[Min-yeong's mom cries]
[sighs]
Did she really want to see all of us?
[exhales deeply]
She's probably going to get mad at us.
Yeah. Her face changed completely.
[sighs]
We don't have a choice.
Whatever she says, we need to take it.
I feel for her.
I feel for her, I do.
But we really did our best.
And Professor Ahn, he didn't take
a day off for three months because of her.
Oh, he's coming this way.
Thank you, everyone.
Thank you for all your hard work.
You should get back to it.
-What?
-I can talk to her myself.
You guys should get going.
You've got a lot of work to do.
Doctor.
Thank you so much for everything
you did for us.
Min-yeong was…
She was in so much pain
because I just couldn't let her go.
But thanks to the great doctors
and nurses that she had,
she had three years of a happy life.
Thank you very much
for all your hard work.
Thank you for loving my daughter
and for treating her the best you could.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much for everything.
[sobbing]
[light music]
[Jeong-won] Father,
a little girl went to heaven today.
I've known her most of her life.
And every year, we celebrated her birthday
together. We made so many memories.
[sobbing]
She was three years old…
She was only three years old.
And God took her back from us.
I am His child.
But I can't stop resenting Him.
[sobs]
Why does He let these things happen?
I hate Him for it.
It's so hard to move on
with my life, Father.
What am I supposed to do now?
TO THE FRIED CHICKEN RESTAURANT
ON THE POLICE STATION ALLEY
That's why I told you
I wasn't going to be a doctor.
I told you I was going
to be a priest, didn't I? Huh?
You remember what you said?
That I could decide to be a priest
whenever I wanted,
but that's not the case
if I wanna be a doctor.
I worked as a doctor all these years
because of you, huh?
So I'm done. Starting now, I'm gonna do
whatever I want. All right?
-Do you hear me?
-Mm-mm.
I don't…
I don't deserve to be a doctor.
-I just…
-Mm.
I can't control my emotions.
I have too much empathy.
You know what other doctors say?
They say the longer you do it,
the less it's going to hurt.
[laughs]
But you know what happens to me?
I care too much about all my patients.
I go completely nuts for them, you know?
I go completely nuts!
I didn't even shed a single tear
when my father passed away.
Oh, my father passed away recently,
you know.
Really?
But…
You see, when Min-yeong's…
When her mother…
When she said thank you…
When she thanked me for…
for treating her…
Damn it.
[sobs]
I'm the doctor,
I shouldn't be the one crying.
But then,
to tell you the truth,
it was a wonderful feeling…
It was just completely out of this world.
I've never felt anything like it.
I was so grateful,
but I was so sorry at the same time.
I'm done!
I don't deserve to be a doctor.
I just…
I just can't do it anymore.
I won't. I'm quitting now!
As a matter of fact,
I was going to quit after this year.
I was planning to hand off everything
I do to my friends anyway.
It's all over now.
I'm going to quit being a doctor!
Damn it.
Andrea, if that's how you feel,
then I'll tell you to quit later on.
But for now, why don't you hang on
for another year?
Mmm. Ah, spicy.
1 YEAR AGO
[calm music]
[man 2] What's wrong with that guy?
But he hasn't stopped drinking.
You know, Min-u…
[somber music]
Min-u, he…
He, uh… He wrote me a letter, you know?
That little guy didn't even know
how to read.
[sniffles]
But he still wrote me a letter
before he died.
[Jeong-won sobbing]
[Jeong-won] I…
I don't deserve to be a doctor.
I'm not good enough
and I've got nothing to show for!
I'm going to quit being a doctor.
I am going to quit tomorrow!
Andrea.
Hang in there for one more year.
Ah, spicy.
2 YEARS AGO
You know, my patient, Min-ji?
Min-ji, she… she woke up today.
She was even able to breathe on her own.
And then she looked at me
and winked at me just like this.
Yeah, just like this.
She looked at me and then
she winked at me. It was so great!
Okay. Cheers. Cheers, yeah!
This is the best day ever! Let's drink!
Let's drink!
3 YEARS AGO
[Jeong-won sobbing]
[upbeat funky music]
I am going to quit.
I don't wanna be a doctor!
I'm nothing but a fraud!
I should die! I should die!
[whimpers]
Andrea.
Let's try this for one more year. Okay?
You're adorable.
[chicken cackles]
[knocking on door]
Mm? Come on in.
Hey, what's the best thing to order
at the cafeteria?
Look at you. You're at work pretty early.
I haven't gone home.
I'm gonna get breakfast.
Should you drive home
if you're that tired?
I'll just get a cab. See you.
Don't you have a conference
this weekend? At J Hotel?
How did you know about that?
[laughs softly]
Ah, Professor Jang.
I'll say hi to him for you.
I'll get going.
[Song-hwa] Bye.
[car window slides open]
[Jun-wan's girlfriend] Hi, there.
Get out of the car.
Oh, come on. I'm sober now. I swear.
I'm sober.
Are you kidding me?
I can smell it on your breath
when you talk.
No way. It's been hours since I drank.
I just smell like alcohol.
When you called me earlier,
you were still drinking at the wrap party.
That was five hours ago.
You were totally drunk then.
-You could've killed someone.
-I'm completely sober.
Ah, forget it. Let's just go.
No one will know anyway.
What is your problem?
You see that sauna across the street?
Get some sleep there.
Oh, come on. Enough, Jun-wan!
You're making a big deal out of nothing!
I'll drop off your car at your house.
We'll just talk later.
And we should probably…
break up.
[car door shuts]
SYMPOSIUM FOR
CARDIOTHORACIC SURGERY
[automated female voice]
Doors are opening.
[Professor Jang chuckling]
[giggles]
[mellow music]
[scoffs]
[high hat cymbal plays]
[lively music]
[Seok-min] Her nickname is "ghost."
She teaches and does a lot of surgery.
And she checks residents'
papers thoroughly.
She goes hiking and camping on weekends.
But she still manages to come
to work at 7 a.m.
She can do all those things
because she's a ghost.
I knew it was you. You're famous.
You're even on the Internet.
[Ik-jun] Gosh, Chae Song-hwa.
She's really amazing.
Are you really just going
to watch the patient die?
Hey!
[Seok-min] But we can't do that
to any patient.
Dr. Min told me that the procedure
he'll be doing won't be that dangerous.
I want to stick with him.
[chief] Reporters have
their eyes trained on us.
We can use this exposure
to get your name out there.
[woman 2] They're all so nosy.
I'm going to suffer and die all alone.
You think I'll still be alive by then?
A cold cup of iced Americano, please.
-I'd like a warm cup of hot latte.
-Pay for mine.
Hey, Jeong-won.
Do you know Daddy-Long-Legs?
-What?
-[Gwang-hyeon] They say he's famous
at the hospital you used to work at.
That's why you can't trust rich people.
They lie all the time.
Prick.
This patient will get
a liver transplant in the morning.
A liver transplant. And I'm leading
the surgery. You wanna join me tomorrow?
[Jong-su] You're all good-looking.
How did nothing happen between you guys?
[Rosa] Why would you make them
uncomfortable?
Why would you disturb calm waters?